add link to python (#13)
UBC-MDS/rimager: README.Rmd

## basic example code
## TODO
```

## Package in python

> We have package with same functionalities in python `pyimager`. See [here](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/rimager)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a package with the same functionalities in Python : `pyimager`. See [here](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyimager)  
```

## Package in python

> We have the package with same functionalities in python: `pyimager`. See [here](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/rimager)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a package with the same functionalities in Python: `pyimager`. See [here.](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyimager)  
```
